>> Estelle Weyl: So,
let's talk about adding the gutters.
So far I added gutters,
I believe, or no, did I not?
I added gutters to make it look better but
I didn't tell you about it.
Because this is what it
looks like without gutters.
All right, that's ugly.
One of the nice things, that way you
don't have to worry about margins.
You always have the same amount
of margins between cells.
It's really nice to have a nice
layout with good white space.
White space makes websites
much more readable.
So instead of saying, here's a paragraph
of text, and I want padding here, and then
margins, and you can just say, well, it's
gonna be 20 pixels between any element.
So it's going to be legible.
Okay, so we have three properties.
We have the grid-column-gap,
the grid-row-gap and
then just a shorthand,
which is the grid-gap.
And margin does actually
still work on these, so
let's go over here and play with it.
So when I say grid row,
it's between each row.
When I say grid gap, column gap,
it's between the columns.
When I undo this one right here,
it's going to be the exact same.
Because the order is row, and then column.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
top to bottom, left-right,
which makes it less confusing than
when we were doing the tables.
Okay, so here,
let's just make it 40 pixels.
Okay, and then 10.
And that might make you realize
why you probably just wanna do one
number overall for column gap, cuz that
looks much better, right, having it even.
You can use different units,
right, 1m instead.
But let's actually put margin on
one of these li Nth of type 3.
Margin 20 pixels.
So margins still works.
Box sizing, border box.
>> Estelle Weyl: I just
wanted to see what that did.
And then we can put padding, 30 pixels.
And it just change the whole
layout of the page.
>> Estelle Weyl: Because the FR unit
is now a different length, right?
Before, it maintained the same length, but
then now that I added padding,
that element is much bigger.
But between the margin and the padding,
the element got much bigger,
which shrank the amount of free space.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so
what I want you to do over the next
five minutes is to create a grid.
So there's a little thing here,
so let's try it out.
And I want you to create a grid
container with a display property, or
grid template area, but
we didn't go over grid template area.
So just forget that there's an or
here, or either.
And then optional added gutter with
grid-gap, or grid-column-gap and
grip-row-gap.